Minneapolis! Welcome!
Harmontown is now in session. Please welcome the stage, the person who is going to make this night the best night of your life, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Twin Town! I'm sure that's what they call it. Twin Town. You know, they call it the Twin City, right?
Because there's a higher proportion of identical twins per capita. I think it's the power lines. It affects the genetics of the sperms and the ova.
But they're happy. They're happy people that way.
They look very happy and very good looking!
Half of them are very good looking. The other half are fortunate enough to look exactly like those people.
And they never know which half is just riding the coattails. And they have frequent arguments about it during what they call the festival hour.
Don't mind my sound effects? Every time you say festival hour, you'll hear a gong.
I appreciate the added layer of sound effects. I'm not giving a note, but I don't know if you're being 28-year-old, you're familiar with the history of the gong and entertainment.
It has a sort of legacy.
It's the noise of festivals.
Erin McGathy, Comptrolling, everybody. I'm excited about it.
I just noticed that there's a camera on my face. Documentaries.
We're making a movie here too. You're all in it. You're in little shadowy faces. Did they put a camera on anyone's head in the front row? Sometimes they do that.
I notice it halfway through the show and then I want them to take like five bucks off the ticket for the guy that has to wear a camera on his head.
I've worn that thing. It's like a jockstrap on your head.
It hurts. I wore it in New York and you told me I looked like a cloud-outless character because I pushed all my skin down.
Yeah, she looked like Holly Berry when she was the old Chinese man. Like Chaka from Land of the Lost.
The crazy thing about wearing that in New York, no one mentioned that. Everyone came up to the merch table and was like,
hey, I'm going to get a t-shirt and a thing. Everyone's so used to having cameras on them.
Two cities right next to each other. Even buildings can have sisters and brothers. Got two towns that you can go to either one.
I fucked your mama like a hot dog bun. Put my wiener inside with my mustard on top.
Fuck your mama like a broom and a mop. Clean her pussy out. Made broom for more.
Fuck your mama on the ceiling and the floor. Fuck your mama.
That was good. That was good. God damn it. I'm getting really good at rapping.
Yay, festival!
Alright, it's a new tradition. Yeah, there were like eight things that rhymed in there.
That was very good. That was really good.
None of them were mouth and south.
And you really used your floor space.
Yeah, I'm getting good at dancing too. I'm getting really good at dancing and rapping.
I started the tour just going like this. But now I kind of put some stopping and starting into it.
I'm going to go somewhere and then I...
Amazing.
I get out of breath sooner though doing that because it's like a treadmill.
Jesus Christ.
Dance is a great dancer though. Before we were dating, there was a night that we spent last new years with Jeff Davis and he put on a song and asked you to dance to it.
He said, Surfer Baby? Surfer Girl? Surfer Baby is not a song.
Little Surfer Girl.
Little Surfer Girl. Dan put on a little dress and danced around the living room very sensuously.
I'm sorry, Dan.
I mean, it sounds weird on paper.
Why on your way to a comedy show load up your iPad with gongs and fog horns?
Your boyfriend's show.
Ah, see, do I got everything in here that I want?
A rim shot. Fuck that.
Who needs that?
I'm sorry.
Was that a baby crying?
Yeah, it's a baby crying because everyone loves the milk of the show.
Baby crying.
The baby crying reminds everyone that the show is like milk that you need when you're a baby and you can only digest breast milk and that's the idea.
Right, right. I thought it was a six million year old sound that makes people uncomfortable.
I thought that it was a primal, instinctive, people-upsetter.
Because it means that one of our species, larva, is exposed to a safer tooth, tiger.
You know that babies cry like that because human babies, they don't have fur.
Our primate cousins, they're covered with this thick layer of fur, like orangutan babies.
The babies, they come out and they basically just cling to the mom like her fur.
They walk around and they just clung there forever. It's like a little baby-bjorn until the baby finally lets go and starts doing its own thing.
A lot of primates have similar things like that. They just cling and wrap around.
Tell me more about it.
Primates, monkey super monkeys, pretty funky, got a big old brain up in their monkey head, don't fight, they think it's dead, they make fire.
Sorry, I guess that was great, but you gave me a look like that was a misstep.
I don't know if Jeff would have been cute to wrap up at that point. It was headlong.
You're right, I give myself this noise.
It's the noise of someone alone at a party.
Okay, reset.
Anyways, babies cry because, yeah, they're moms.
Fucked up my flow, man.
I'm sorry.
A human baby just has an instinct, if you walk away from it, it just starts crying.
As soon as it loses sight of a big person to protect it, it just starts crying, which on one hand is a horrible thing.
They draw predators, but human babies require constant protection from the parents, and so the baby has a catastrophic response to the absence of its adult guardians.
And the game of peek-a-boo, I always talk about this, is the mom hides her face from the baby, which the baby instinctively is designed to recognize as a catastrophe, that the face is gone.
But kind of senses, I think I can see the Brechtian narrative here.
I can see that she's still there, but I lost the face, and then the mom opens the face and goes like, peek-a-boo, and the baby goes, wait, she knows?
She knows that I wanted to die, and she's fucking around with it.
I feel like it must not be that big a deal. It's like that first time you see Mel Brooks do a Hitler joke.
It's kind of like, just get a big belly laugh.
Okay, we have to talk about, I don't understand what you brought in your sound effects arsenal and what your intention was.
There's a doctor named Dr. Sound Effects.
First of all, that's not true.
There's probably a website called Dr. Sound Effects, but I don't think anyone's ever gotten a PhD in what you're doing right now.
Okay, I'll cool it on the sound effects.
No, you don't have to do that. I'd like you to refine your targeting.
I don't? Well...
I mean, a slide whistle?
Sorry, that was a bad one.
No, I'll really cool it.
Hey, do you have rabbit skinning in there? I was going to tell my duck joke.
She's a good kid. She's having a good time.
Hey, I want to bring Spencer hot sooner than later.
All right, bring out Spencer.
What up?
Spencer, can you believe it?
No.
Spencer has been my buddy on this tour. We've done a merch together and spent a lot of time together.
And here I am with a bunch of sound effects making a show happen.
Thanks for holding down the merchandise table back there, Spencer.
Yeah, thank you very much, Spencer.
Yeah, Minneapolis is a self-lining up city, I guess. You guys were great.
Yeah, they seemed like good people. I really sensed that about them.
By this time in Madison, somebody had already, for the sixth time, just gone like, Pringles!
And I went, Diabetes! You were there because it has a podcast chat.
I was like, don't cheer Diabetes!
And then I have to go because the acoustics were bad.
And then I go, what? Don't cheer Diabetes!
No one was going to.
Don't stop the show.
I mean, we welcome people with things to get off their chest, but it's not a hockey game.
And if it was, cheering Diabetes isn't competing with anyone.
There's no match that's going to be lost between that team and anyone.
I love the idea of someone with diabetes just wanting to be represented.
We're like someone in the audience screaming, arthritis!
Do something about arthritis!
Cut the tunnel!
Loops!
Restless leg!
Does anyone have an ailment that they want Dan to discuss?
You're going to have a mouse intro? IBS?
IBS writes itself. What do you have in the front rows there?
Plantar fasciitis.
What is your name, sir? I'm going to do it, Jeff does. What is your name?
I'm Tony.
Tony, come on up here!
Here, Tony. Thank you.
Anything you don't want to talk about, you don't have to talk about it.
Harbin Town is a safe place.
I appreciate that.
First of all, Tony is wearing a red owl t-shirt.
That was the local grocery store in Milwaukee when I was a kid.
It was the local grocery store in Green Bay when I was a kid.
Do they still exist?
One, and it's in Green Bay, and it's still fighting for its existence.
The logo, it just stirs up. I haven't seen it in so long.
What kind of stuff do they have at the red?
Oh God, milk, eggs.
Produce and meat?
You just wouldn't believe it.
Sometimes they put it in bags for you.
Incredible aisles and aisles of food with fluorescent lids.
Is it not successful because red owl kind of sounds like a hate group?
Don't be insulted.
Oh no, no, no.
No baby, open that shirt.
Red owl sounds more like a reverse hate group.
Like a kind of a militant.
We are the red owls.
It sounds like a very wise socialist organization.
Like in Latin it says never again.
It refers to something that happened to red people.
Never again will we let a sale pass us by.
The red owl.
Somebody spilled some milk in aisle 7 and we never forgot.
Alright, what's plantar fasciitis?
I'll give you one guess.
It's when every piece of fungus on your foot unites
in a horrible Naziistic regime.
Which the red owls are fighting.
No, it is foot related, but it is not fungus related.
It's severe scarring of the large tendon that runs under your foot.
It makes you limp and it makes you look like you're 20 years older than you actually are.
Wait, you mean your gait doesn't actually have the effect on you?
No.
Do you have it?
Yes, I do.
You just mean it makes you walk like you're 20 years older.
Yeah, it gives you the hobbling gait of a 60 year old man.
Can you show us?
Oh, Tony, you look very young.
Thank you.
Do you want to give us a little runway?
I'm going to have him walk.
Well, I should give you some walking music, I guess.
Right now it's in remission, so I used to walk like normal people, which was back and forth.
And then it struck and sometimes you get up and you use your foot and it feels like this.
Oh, because the tendon is like not doing what it's supposed to do.
No, and then so you have to sit down a lot and people ask you, why are you so lazy?
Oh, and you're like, fuck you, I have hysteria.
And they go, does that have something to do with fungus?
No.
Play that song again, you know, it was really moved.
Don't be beaten today, double rhyme scheme.
That was A-B-A-B, no one was impressed, alright?
I was damn impressed.
Okay, never mind, fuck it.
No, you know what, I have worse than a plancher's fascitis.
I have audience unappreciative titis.
I wish I just couldn't walk.
I can't be appreciated.
That's the disease that infects the lower base of the brain and makes further audience applause completely jaded and meaningless?
Yeah, it definitely undermines anything you get after that.
It's linked to solicited applause syndrome, yeah.
If Dan was a revival tent preacher, someone would come up and say, I can't walk,
and I'd be like, really? Because I had a really difficult morning.
I was really in my head, I thought a lot about my life, and I didn't know if I've done enough so far.
Just sit down.
Well Tony, I have a very special surprise for you, because here in the audience here in Minneapolis,
Twin Town as I call it, is a fellow cast away from an old improv troupe.
I used to be in Milwaukee called The Dead Ale Wives.
One of my old comedy stage partners, Sean McKenna is here.
Woo! Let's bring Sean McKenna to the stage!
Okay, okay, sorry.
Jesus, sweetie, what is happening? You're like...
Uh, stroke.
Holy shit.
It's like the second act of RoboCop 2 up here.
Just shooting fire hydrants and giving candy to bank robbers.
This is after Kane took him apart and put him together?
Don't scrutinize my knowledge of RoboCop 2.
Not scrutinizing, just horrifying.
It's when they reprogrammed him, you know, and then he was like, you know,
all of you kids could rob this door and RoboCop 2 is a shitty movie.
Don't smoke.
Oh, hey Dan, I think someone's at the door.
It's Sean McKenna.
Tony, I'll get it.
Here's the amazing thing. Look Tony, Sean McKenna also can't walk.
Oh my god. He broke his ankles walking on ice, which is why I left.
If you don't know, he's also a member of the Dead Ale Wives.
Thank you to the three people.
Ever heard of us.
Sean, Sean, tonight just became the first member of the Harmontown Art Players.
And we should probably bring Eric Noble up too, he's in the audience.
Oh, hell yeah.
I thought he was safe back there.
Very funny gentleman.
Did he start Minneapolis Comedy Sports? I can't remember which city.
He started it, yeah.
No, it started in it?
Oh, started in it, yeah. He's also working with the huge theater.
Oh, someone's at the door.
Oh, shit, the doorbell's broken.
Oh, it's the second member of the Harmontown Art Players, Eric Noble.
Okay, all right, let's thank Tony and have him limp down to the front row with his planter fascinist.
Yeah, that ain't shit.
Sorry, Dan, that was a controlling moment.
Check that. Check that.
I got a pump on it too.
Oh, that's cool.
Sorry, you can't hear that.
Tony, what do you want more than anything in the world?
I don't know, just name something you like.
The newest season of Dr. Who sooner.
Okay, all right, perfect.
Tony would like the newest season of Dr. Who to come sooner, and he has planter fascinist, which planters fascinist.
It erodes the tendon on his foot and makes him walk silly.
I guess I'll be playing him.
Probably a good idea, yeah.
Okay, this is a Hallmark movie.
It's a movie of the weak and of the heart.
Give us a...
Got it.
No, no, see that's...
Okay.
One foot to walk on.
Mom, I'm home.
Tony, is that you?
Yeah, mom, I'm here in the kitchen mixing chocolate, icing, in a bowl, like you like it.
Mom, Tony, you're walking like a fucking idiot.
You're holding your titty in your hand, mom.
That's my bowl of frosting, so to speak.
But your titty's in it.
Well, I told you it's like you like it.
Thanks, mom.
That's why I've stayed here 25 years.
I brought somebody home with me.
He's a fellow member of the Dr. Who Society.
You know, at school, Keith.
I mean, hello, stranger.
Yes, I've never been here before to your home.
Is that a titty in a bowl?
Yes, that must be...
I wouldn't know it if I saw it.
Okay, mom.
Mom, just be cool.
Well, my new friend is here.
Because I'm really gimpy.
And I got a beard.
Tony, really, I'm on the clock here.
I don't really know what gimps, you know, terribly often.
Well, you two probably want your privacy.
I'll go in the living room and watch...
No, no, no, no. Why don't you...
Why don't you stay?
I'll leave.
Thank you.
Jesus Christ, hurry it up, Tony.
Seriously.
Are you going to try to go up all those stairs right now?
Is that what you're going to do?
I can't.
Why is there a wrapping room going up the stairs?
There's, like, 21 stairs, Tony.
I got it.
Just going by homemade TARDIS.
You have to come back down those stairs at some point.
I'm upstairs now.
It's a podcast.
The next day at the hospital...
I don't understand the soundtrack at all.
Mr.... Tony... Tony Scott? Tony Scott, yes.
Too soon?
I tried to kill myself.
It's two soundtrack songs.
It's a binary movie.
Can I make you a drink?
Mr. Scott, I'm afraid you have planter's fascitis.
It means you'll never be able to walk normally again.
At least I'll get to watch the next season for Dr. Who here.
Tony, there's something I have to tell you.
Watching Dr. Who is what is eating away at the tendon on your foot.
You see, British sci-fi programming stimulates a part of the brain
that sends a signal to the athletic portions of the body,
causing them to wither.
Have you told my mother?
Yeah, I mentioned it.
Do you have a mother?
Have I met her?
Everyone met my mother?
Yeah, I'm sure I told her.
If I met her, I can't remember.
Just cut it off.
Okay.
I'll never dance again.
I'm going to do it with a lightsaber.
Because if I did it with a sonic screwdriver,
your other foot would start to rot away.
Maybe if you put it in a teleport machine with a good leg,
I don't know, it was a fly reference.
No one's seen that.
Let's try it.
Oh, I puked on it.
It was the fly.
There we go.
I'm sorry, the Germans are coming.
The Tony story, everybody.
The Tony story.
Thank God.
One foot to...
Yeah, good job.
All right.
Freestyle, Minneapolis style.
Do the...
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
What?
Freestyle.
Yo.
Sean McKenna limping up here.
He's going to limp around and have another beer.
He's Sean McKenna from back in Milwaukee.
Yo, he fucked his mama so hard
that he rolled her in some dough and put her
in the tummy like the Pillsbury boy.
He fucked his mama so hard
his dick felt like a toy.
Sean McKenna.
What?
Receiving everything that I'm going to give him?
Yo.
Yo, man.
Joe.
Yo.
It was nice, I fucked it twice, I fucked it thrice.
I fucked your mama four times and more.
She lost the times table so she couldn't multiply no more.
But then she made a little baby for me
and it came out and I said, it's face looks like pee.
Yo, I fucked your mama doggy style.
I fucked your mama like door pile.
She's Sam, that pussy's good.
I knew how I fucking would.
Yo, Gomer said surprise, surprise.
I fucked your mama in her mouth and came between her eyes.
I fucked your mama north, I fucked your mama south.
I fucked your mama in her ear, in her mouth.
Yeah, Cameron, Cameron, Cameron.
Dan Harmon, ladies and gentlemen.
Sean McKenna.
Sean McKenna, better boy.
Sorry about your ankle.
Before we say goodbye to Sean very quickly,
maybe we can do a speed version of this.
Once upon a time, who's familiar with who's
on first by Abbott and Costello?
Well, these guys used to do a little variation on who's
on first.
They would do who's on first with Abbott and Arnold
Schwarzenegger.
It was a very cutting edge comedic bit
that we were doing as early as 94, 95.
Yeah, sure.
Who's going to be Abbott and who's going to be Arnold?
I don't know.
Which one was Abbott?
I'd like to see Sean McKenna as Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Let's do Arnold and Arnold.
Like that, we'll do Arnold and Arnold.
We're drunk one night and did Arnold and Arnold.
Arnold and Arnold.
Do I need a mic stand?
Yeah, probably.
Yeah.
They really, yeah.
Yeah, you need full focus on this mentally.
Well, I just need some Alina.
And now presenting the Harmontown players, Arnold and Arnold.
Arnold.
Yeah, listen.
I got a baseball team.
It's very nice.
All right.
Did you learn the name of the players?
The players.
I have the list right here.
OK, then tell them to me.
Who's on first?
OK, I don't understand what you're saying.
Why would someone that named Who be on first?
Who is on first?
OK, well, that's a dumb name.
I don't know.
Sun second?
I don't know either.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
Arnold, Arnold.
Let's hear it for Sean McKenna and Arnold.
Wow.
From humble beginnings, Arnold and Arnold.
I feel like Eric Noble got the short end of tonight's stick.
It kind of came up and, yeah, we didn't really.
Someone should really control this show.
Yeah, we didn't really use him.
He's very talented, very funny, very handsome.
Very handsome, too.
Yeah, he's a brother.
Very handsome.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by, what's that?
Arnold's monster.
I'm being attacked by an Arnold monster.
Someone yelled out.
Someone approaches you.
He's about a four foot seven or so.
He pushes small children out of his way and says, get through the topper!
That's all.
All right, you want to hit that Spencer theme when we do that?
It's her first night control.
I'm having iPad troubles.
Yeah, I'm not so good at the references, if you'll recall.
Oh, there it is, okay.
Yeah, no, yeah, we don't like to do the Hollywood stuff to Spencer.
Oh, slowly.
Sorry.
Forced to have it.
Spencer grew up in a basement that he still lives in, so there's no TV in there.
He's just Dutch as a dragon's books, and unlike, he's a genius.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by, shit.
Lack of sound engineering skills.
Walking into a non-acoustically tuned space, you suddenly realize that the variables aren't
exactly lining up right.
You clap your hands, and hear your hands clapping.
It's a strange sensation.
I'm not worthy.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by a hot dish.
Is that a colloquialism?
It's a casserole.
I'm being attacked by a hot casserole dish.
Unfurling the noodles widely with an array of various meat sauces.
You see the ricotta cheese dripping off the noodles.
Dinner is served.
One guy initiated a standing O for that, and he wasn't, you know, he's not a fat guy.
He wasn't applauding the casserole.
He was applauding Spencer's GM skills.
All right, so, all right, is there anybody in the audience, I'm going to go out and work
the crowd.
Cool.
You got some crowd working music?
In the meanwhile, I'm going to play Polar Bear on Ice.
I don't understand.
I'd like to work the back of the crowd, because these people come and they don't, oh, is this
what I sound like back here?
That's weird.
It's like those Discovery World exhibits where you talk on the phone and you can hear yourself
in the ear, but on a delay.
I can barely pull it together back here.
My lips move, and then a second later, I hear my lips move.
It probably sounds less exciting on the podcast.
It probably sounds less exciting for everybody.
This is just for me right now.
Three hours later, wow, syllabus, red leather, yellow leather.
What's your name?
Sam.
No, it's not.
Crowd working.
Sam, did your parents hit you?
I don't remember.
Then yes.
With implements, my dad hit me with a belt.
Did your mother hit you with implants?
No.
He said your mother hit you with implants?
I said, did they hit you with implements?
My dad, for instance, hit me with a belt.
Did your parents hit you with anything, like a wooden spoon or?
No, I think before I had any memories, I was fanked, but like I said, it must have hit
me pretty hard.
Oh, okay.
Oh, man.
Hey, Dan.
Yeah?
I have a bunch of animal sound effects up here that are pretty obscure.
I'm going to play an animal sound effect.
You pick a partner out there, and you guys can try to guess what the animal sound effect
is as an experiment.
Okay, I like Sam.
Are we competing?
Am I competing with Sam?
No.
Let's see, a gentleman with the checkered, yes, yes, you holding your shirt.
What's your name?
Matt.
Matt?
Two T's.
Matt.
Oh, it's Matt.
Like the actual name.
Okay.
Got it.
Because Matt's isn't a name.
Would you run up and join Spencer?
Would you be Spencer's partner?
Welcome to Guess the Sound Effect slash, I'm so sorry that your dad hit you.
Okay.
But he didn't really.
I mean, I think they just probably smacked him in the butt when he touched a stove or
something.
That's the impression I'm getting.
I was talking about your dad.
Oh, my dad?
Yeah.
Yeah, he knocked me around bad.
Okay.
I was going to say, if your dad didn't hit you, why am I turned on by you all the time?
All right, here we go, animal sound effects.
And just to give you an example, this animal sound effect is called a dingo fight.
Dingos.
Fighters.
Wait, where is that?
Uh-oh.
Oh, there it is.
Dingos.
Anyway, that's dingo fight.
Okay.
All right, okay.
Here we go.
So I'm going to play a sound effect and the team to get closest to it, the quickest,
Quinn's.
Don't know why I said it like that.
It's fancy.
I just, I made it like I was a Jewish man at a dolly for no reason.
All right, here we go.
Dingos.
Right.
Name an animal.
The teapot bird.
Sorry?
It stands for the teapot bird.
Teapot bird.
Swarming, um, uh, June bugs.
That's pretty close.
It was Fly, Swarm, and Roebuck Bay, Australia.
Very good.
One point to audience.
Okay, let's, let's play the two.
All right, here we go.
Question number two.
Well, that's a horse, a capybara.
Donkey.
That is a brain donkey in Brazil with parents.
All right.
This is the tiebreaker.
Here it comes.
All right, Jeff, I know you're that you're listening to this podcast.
We may edit this part out.
I, I, I, as a rule, I edit all the stuff out that the audience is able to do in their car
on the way here.
Um, Jeff, I'll do better.
It's going to get better.
All right, here we go.
Howler monkey.
Nope.
Uh, non-howler monkey.
Bird, some kind of bird.
Rhesus macaque.
I know what that is.
That's, that's, that's one of those little fuckers, a fox.
Dingo's fighting again.
A double weasel.
Angry dog.
You guys were close with Gibbon.
Gibbon, Gibbon, it goes to the stage chief and they won the winner.
It's okay.
They did all right.
Let's have a hand for Sam back there.
And you win not having to talk to me about this bid after the show.
That's not, you know, everyone's free to fail here at Harmontown.
It's not, you're not supposed to come up with a game show on the fly.
That's not your responsibility, baby.
Baby, I love you.
I love you too.
Someone boo'd love.
I heard one guy boo love.
Who was it?
All right, what's your name?
Josh.
Bring him up to the stage.
Josh boo'd love.
Come on up, Josh.
Josh.
I may be bad with sound effects, but I can fucking tuck lava all day.
All right.
Let's do it.
Let's play a segment called Who Hurt You?
It was Dan Harmon.
Let's also play a segment called Know It None If Your Friends Would Hold Your T-shirt.
I'm sorry I bought one.
No, no, it's okay.
I'm sorry, Josh?
Yes, that's right.
Yes, okay.
All right, Josh.
Let's do it.
Jeff writes down everybody's name on a comment.
Who hurt you, Josh?
I don't think anybody did.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, why boo love?
Why not?
Are you booing our love specifically, or just love in general?
No, I don't know.
Your love kind of destroyed an episode, kind of.
A few nights ago.
I love you guys, seriously.
Were you bummed out that there was one less free episode that was funny?
What are you having to do?
It was just awkward.
I agree.
Well, is it more or less awkward than not communicating with people?
Like, if we're like five questions deep into a conversation and every answer is,
I don't know, or nothing, or a snarky comeback.
Like, is that graceful or is that...
You don't know.
What's your point?
I come from the mind space that it's better to go with the flow and kind of say what's
on your mind.
You can't tell me there's not one person in the history of your life that hurt you.
Maybe.
I feel like Josh might have a bigger issue with me.
Oh, not at all.
Oh, really?
I think that's cool.
I think you're projecting.
No, come on.
How many...
I mean, I'm not even going to assume...
You've had relationships, right?
Yeah.
Was there one that ended that you didn't want to end?
I suppose that's probably true.
Yeah.
And when you did your podcast tour across the country...
When there were stresses that arose.
How did you feel about it?
I love your podcast.
The best cast?
Great.
This is going down a bad road.
This is not a Harmontown.
This is not a road to Harmontown.
I'm celebrating as fast.
He booed love.
We brought him up.
We're not going down his wardrobe.
We want to get to know him, talk to him, try to break through to something human.
I don't want to hug him.
I think this is a nice thing to talk about.
Josh, why do you feel our love ruined a podcast?
The podcast was going and it was a lot of fun.
Then it just kind of hit this weird train wreck.
It's okay, guys.
It's true.
I'm just saying how I feel, man.
I was kind of into it.
I liked it, but I guess it was about me.
I guess it was about someone else's relationship.
I don't know.
I can't really listen to it through anyone else's ears though.
It's probably like a half hour longer than it needed to be in terms of talking about relationships.
To be honest, I listened to the entire thing.
It's not like I turned it off or anything.
You were riveted.
Well, I'm sorry for making the podcast not funny.
Josh is mad at me, Dan.
I'm telling you.
He's mad at you?
Yes, he is.
It's okay.
I'm the girlfriend who came on stage and was in a tizzy.
As I explained in the Chicago podcast,
I was upset about a previous fight and things.
Can I walk you guys through an alternate scenario?
Yes, yes, yes.
Dan's in the crowd talking to people.
Something happens about love.
A bunch of people start cheering.
Feeling the need to break the mold,
he boos whatever reaction is being cheered.
Called out by Dan, he acquiesce coming up on stage,
proceeds to fail to answer the questions you want him to ask,
and when he comes to a question he can ask,
he answers in a way he hopes will be entertaining,
and is then torn apart for it.
The real star of the show, of course, is Spencer.
I think we're all just raw and vulnerable up here, you guys.
It's fine.
Well, I know, and this isn't a dick,
but I know that everything that you say up here,
Josh, as you're speaking honestly about your feelings,
you're going to make sure that it's hilarious.
I like it when people laugh, yeah.
I'm just kidding. I'm sorry for your bad podcast
not being very funny.
You already said that.
In order for Josh to be mad at you,
I think Josh would have to be in love with me.
He's mad at our relationship.
He doesn't think that it makes for entertaining.
He was like, well, we're having fun in the Pittsburgh show,
and then all of a sudden we're talking about things
that are kind of common, probably,
like the sound of a man and a woman going back and forth
about who hurt who more and who needs to change
and who doesn't need to change.
For some people, it might be riveting,
and for other people, inaccessible.
Frigid.
That was a dumb, obvious, easy joke.
It's stupid.
I think Spencer's theory is the most accurate.
I think Josh is dressed perfectly.
We're all good human beings.
Aaron's doing a great job.
I thought the Pittsburgh show was excellent.
Unpredictable turns and all.
I do what I say to Josh,
and I said this in the Chicago show,
but if there's any worry that Dan was going to censor himself
because I talked about something that bummed me out,
he definitely isn't.
There's an understandable fear, and I'm sorry about that.
That's all.
Adventure.
Alright, Josh, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for...
Also, Matt, ladies and gentlemen, thank you.
Poor Matt.
Matt, come up here for a second.
Yay, Matt!
For you guys listening in the audience,
Matt is the name of the guy that was on Spencer's team
during a sound effect game show
that may or may not be in the edited show you're listening to.
He was put on a team with Spencer
and has been standing behind me next to Spencer
just kind of hanging out this entire time.
He guessed the donkey, yeah.
Great seat, though.
But it's hard to tell if we edit out Josh or the audio game show
or we don't know what will be frog DNA
and what will be dinosaur DNA.
We're after the show.
Well, it just seemed like no one was controlling.
Right, right.
Or there was no show.
Ladies and gentlemen, goodnight!
Gong.
Matt, I think you've paid your dues.
Let's get to know you and touch your heart.
We do.
Are you from Minneapolis?
I am from Minneapolis.
What do you do here?
I'm a writer.
You're a writer?
Oh, wow. What kind of writer?
Corporate writer.
Oh, what is that?
You're specific.
What is that?
What does that entail?
Business writer, advertising, that kind of thing.
Like a gun for hire or you work for a company?
I work for a company.
Can you say which one?
I can't, unfortunately.
Microsoft?
There we go.
What?
My fiance just said CIA, so.
No, not really.
Shut up.
Yeah.
No.
If someone says they can't say what they work for and then they go, CIA, it could be
true.
I don't know.
I hate to be so secretive.
No, you just don't want to, it's McDonald's or something and you don't want to be on a
podcast saying.
I want to still be employed.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we did a show in Chicago and I was kind of like, oh, I just started talking about
people I'm working for.
That hasn't podcast yet, but I cringe a little bit when I hear it.
It's awesome though, so it has to go out there.
But unlike you, I make my living getting fired.
That is my livelihood in a roundabout way.
I'm like a weird kind of frog with an ass for a head that jumps.
Wow, the sound of a frog.
All right, Matt, Matt, what's your favorite, favorite movie?
I mean, a favorite movie.
I hate it when people ask that too.
Okay, a favorite movie, A Serious Man.
A Serious Man.
Oh, that is a great movie.
Yeah.
That's a really underrated, wonderful movie.
Which red owl played a part in?
Red owl played a part in.
Whoa.
Okay, now we got to know, okay, who said fuck you really angrily to what?
A silly man said fuck you.
I mean, please come up.
Like, I mean, I'm going to make this assumption about a Harmontown audience.
Even though on paper, someone yelling out fuck you.
Come over here, sir.
Shouldn't be rewarded in maybe a regular show, but usually people here have something on their mind.
What's your name?
My name's Joe.
Hi, Joe.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Joe, explain the reaction.
Thank you for welcoming me to Harmontown.
Oh, no problem.
Comptrolling disaster.
Spencer, nearly.
All right, I got it.
Okay.
Me versus the microphone.
They just fixed the microphone for the podcast listeners.
We got it.
I feel important now.
It's about backstage, so what are we doing?
Joe, you're going to tell people why you yelled fuck you out.
What were you yelling fuck you in response to?
Honestly.
No, not honestly.
Lie to us.
Huh, this guy, right, guys?
Yes.
At least you're gone, honestly.
It was strictly to get on stage.
So you were really saying fuck you?
Right.
You're kind of giving me better minds a little bit.
Okay, so this is an interesting phenomenon here.
I want to...
I'm sorry, Dan.
Everyone shut up and press...
I'm going to press pause here for a second,
because this is a very, very interesting thing that's happening here
for the second time in a row.
We finally hit this point.
In Harmontown, people who say things in the audience
and how they're compelled to say things,
they get to come up on stage and we talk to them
until we get to know them.
And now we've reached this point where that's the second guy
who just, like Spencer said,
someone wants to be different from the pack.
They're specifically saying things
so that they can come up on stage,
and at which point we're ringing a dry rag.
We're just talking to a person,
hey, what do you want?
We're gonna think, to be on stage,
to have my name exist,
to stand.
Is that totally true?
We were really saying that.
I am not a dry rag.
Okay, that was dehumanizing, I apologize.
But your motivation was not,
you didn't want to come up and talk about
a serious man being his favorite movie.
Not at all.
You said, fuck you.
For the same reason that Josh booed Love,
you said, fuck you.
No, no, fuck Josh for booing Love.
Yeah, you're changing your story.
It's not all a tack, Josh.
All right, all right, you sit down.
I'll go sit down.
Thank you for coming up here.
Tonight it may be in further shows,
instead of yelling something like, fuck you,
maybe say like, bananas in my pants,
or something obscure.
All right, bananas in my pants guy, come up here, come up here.
All right, all right.
Come over this way.
I thought like a dozen people would say it
like at the same time.
Okay, all right, all right, that was a misfire.
Okay, okay.
So you're a team player.
What's your name, fella?
My name is Jaffer.
It's okay if you don't get it.
Jaffer?
No, you got it on the first try.
That's awesome.
All right, like an exotic Jaffer.
Yeah, sort of, yeah.
I apply tape to things in an exotic way,
an exotic brown-skinned way.
Thank you.
What do you do, Jaffer?
Oh, well, I gave Spencer my card.
I'm the event coordinator for Fantasy Flight Games,
and I gave Fantasy...
Is that like, claims that have jungles on them?
What is that?
What is Fantasy Flight?
Oh, Fantasy Flight Games is a hobby game company.
We are located in Rosewood.
This is so, it's like sales tax.
Well, no, I mean, this is...
Are they electronic games?
This is your crowd.
No, no, we're table top.
Oh, really?
Oh, cool.
I love games.
Oh, this is so weird.
I didn't...
I really didn't expect this to happen.
He just thought everyone would go bananas on.
All right.
That's why you're a hero.
It's fine.
All right.
He already got his plug.
It's the name of his star.
If you're in Minneapolis and you...
No, we're a publisher.
We publish games.
All right.
God damn it.
Jaffer, everybody.
Thank you, Jaffer.
Jaffer loves bananas in his pants.
All right.
Matt, we were talking about your favorite movie.
Yeah.
Come on, Matt.
All right.
Let's hear it for Matt.
Also, ladies and gentlemen, he loves a simple...
A simple man.
All right.
Okay.
Well, not a good idea to work the crowd.
A little bit of a mistake.
No.
Fuck you.
No more.
No more Q&A.
You know, there's a time during every Harmon show where the end of my nose starts to tingle
and my...
Oh, I think you have to go back to the powder room.
No.
My lips start to plump and I start feeling stronger.
And it's D&D time.
Should I pass out the characters?
Yes, please.
Dispense the characters, Betsy.
All right.
Then be entertaining.
Hey, everybody.
This really is a wonderful city and a cool space.
So you got the idea.
I hated the guy with the UTV pat of friends.
It's cool.
I don't know.
Oh, just saying hello.
Stay where you are.
We'll talk after.
I screwed up this music.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it over again for...
What's the other...
The Twin Cities is the Saint Paul, yeah.
You guys all know Garrison Keeler?
No.
Is that a hat?
So you hate Garrison Keeler?
Yes.
Fuck that guy.
Who hates Garrison Keeler?
You...
Why do you...
What's your name?
He talks too slow.
He talks too slow?
Is that your only reason for disliking him?
Does anyone have a better reason for disliking Garrison Keeler?
Yes.
Because they were joking.
It's just reality.
Right.
You're not funny.
It's just Minnesota.
Right.
What?
Minnesota.
Yeah.
That is a little annoying.
She said he sings.
That's true.
He puts himself on everything.
Yeah.
It's his fucking show.
Yeah, it is.
It's his show.
He says Arthur Keeler in the background.
If you've just joined us, Aaron asked, do you guys like Garrison Keeler to 225-year-olds
who shockingly replied, no.
There was a...
There was a mixed reaction.
The answer to the question, why not, is he's 109 years old.
His show is 70 hours long.
He sings and talks about being in a city.
He's the Dan Harmon of the future.
But then everyone started yelling at each other.
Then one guy...
I'm relaying this to the podcast people because no one can hear people in the audience.
Then another guy said, it's his fucking show about Garrison Keeler.
You're kind of a punk rock guy sticking up for Garrison Keeler.
And then people are going back and forth.
Now you're all caught up if you're listening to this in podcast form.
I like that guy.
He likes rhubarb pie and powder milk biscuit.
Rhubarb pie.
Dan, can you do a monologue as Garrison Keeler about your day?
About...
I'd like to do it about rhubarb pie.
Are you going to give Jimmy your dog pomera Jimmy shirt right now?
I woke up this morning in Lake Wobegon with tremendous erection.
You're a bane from Batman.
Just go with it.
Be bane as Garrison Keeler as you.
My cock Batman is stronger than your body.
All right, very good.
Let's do some D&D.
The weather in Lake Wobegon, Gotham, Lake Gotham, the people will no longer stand for rhubarb pie.
Margaret made her famous fruit cake and brought it over to the Jacobson's house for what promise to be a perfectly ordinary Thanksgiving.
The embers were warm, the crime was rampant, and the justice was ultimately mine.
All right.
Batman.
D&D and Herman, everybody.
This is from Lake Gotham, where the children are victims, the poor are enslaved, and everyone's spirit will be broken.
There we go.
That was great.
D&D transitions.
Yeah, tell us what happened to catch us up in D&D land.
When we last met our heroes deep within the Infinifish, we're journeying with Vallas and the swordsmen into the digestive tract of the beast.
After defeating a mysterious eye-stalk monster, the group split up, each traveling down a different passage.
Mulraine fell down a slippery slide while Quark found a strange port in hanging from the ceiling.
Using the mysterious silver staff, Sharpie climbed up into a lattice of veins and tubules before finding a mysterious, membranous wall.
Quark and Mulraine caught back up with Sharpie, and together the group entered the large organ.
Immediately, a blob of sickly yellow ooze dripped down, and several lightning spiders skittered into the organ from above.
It was time to fight.
That's everybody.
All right, let's dramatically, let me step the stage, you guys, it just slashed through the wall of a giant organ and climbed inside,
and a large blob of goo dropped down from the ceiling, and it was followed by sparks of light that kind of skittered around as if they had spidery limbs.
Right, right.
So, in this episode, do we pretend Jeff wasn't there?
For the purposes of this episode, Quark will be played by Spencer Crittenden.
Yeah!
Thanks, guys.
Quark's going to like Mulraine in this episode.
Who knows what's going to happen?
Let's work together.
Take notes, man.
The Dungeon Masters find a character.
Spencer, let's glue our arms together for life so when Jeff comes back, we're one being.
Just an idea.
That's a good plan.
All right, so these are spider creatures?
There's spider lightning creatures in a multi-limbed blob on the ground.
Multi-limbed blob, spider, lightning spider creatures.
It sounds like a day at the office.
Oh.
Festival.
I just tasted what Rob Schneider had for lunch last Wednesday.
Spencer, are the lightning spiders trying to attack us?
As it happens, the lightning spiders are crawling over the cut that you slashed in the wall.
They're sewing it back together.
The slimy blob whips around a tendular too and goo is cast all about the organ.
It seems like it's going to be hard to move about.
Well, I appreciate the craftiness.
Yeah, because the goo is sticky?
You haven't touched it, but goo tends to be.
You haven't met my goo.
Oh, damn.
Smooth as silk.
Slippery is a baby in January.
Two years blueberry bubblegum.
And there's no way we're getting out of this room without either retreating,
which doesn't even seem possible because the hole is being sewed up,
or confronting this thing.
We're not able to be the coward that I'd like to be.
Correct.
To the lightning creatures approach.
I shoot two arrows.
What kind of arrows?
Adventure arrows?
No, you have the special kind that are good for shooting regular arrows,
good arrows, sleep arrows, V arrows.
Does good just mean good skill?
It does extra damage against evil creatures.
Two good arrows.
What was that, Sharpie?
I remember him telling you there was a type of arrow you had that was optimized for multiple arrow shooting.
Yeah, isn't it true?
It's true.
I already rolled the dice.
V arrows?
One of your good arrows strikes the lightning directly in the center of mass.
It does six damage.
Spencer, are my double arrows the V arrows?
Yeah, V arrows.
Okay, cool.
What about her second arrow?
I got a bad feeling about this.
I just missed.
It didn't go into anything comically.
It went to heaven. God ate it.
All right.
No, sir, I have to warn you.
I don't know if you heard the Brooklyn show,
but after giving Ray of Frost its own theme song,
we found out it is a level zero spell that does a maximum of three damage.
We're going to need to start getting enthusiastic about what I'm told is my most powerful spell.
Scorching Ray!
Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw Draw
Scorching Ray is here.
Hit the...
Scorching Ray doing a fearn from the fuckers!
Fuck your mama.
Okay
Who do you fire it at there's the slime blob and some lightning things? Oh, oh, I'm scorch
I'm scorching ray at the at the tentacle that's making the goo sounds good. You strike it dealing some amount of damage
Nineteen damage
A shell I say he's something racist Indian people what's wrong with them? Oh shit. I lost it again
All right
An acropolis
Who's at the door is it is it
My in fun
You were in here already we got two funds funds at the door fun
All right, sorry about that podcast listeners. You don't get the joy that
Just ran out into the audience and high-fived everyone down and out into the audience
Giving salutations and greetings with his physical hand
To the populace of Lake Wobegon
The pies were cooling
The mashed potatoes were ripe and the cranberries were
Cran
batman
Sorry scorching ray 19 damage. I got a little
Quark pipes up. Hey guys
I I I licked I licked vodka out of my own mustache and a guy in the front row went. Oh, I
Never I never had
First of all, I did it because I was excited second of all. He was delicious
So I had that double pleasure and then but then a third of my brain was became excited
He has a liquor on facial hair it reminded me of like the playground
I found out like like like or in the bathroom at the in grade school when I when all the kids started laughing at me at the
Urinal because I I didn't know until sixth grade that you're not when you pee at a urinal
You're not supposed to pull your underwear and pants all the way down to your ankles
And pee like a little a little cartoon
Sorry Spencer quark pipes up. Hey guys. Well, I have a good frog in my throat, but I'm ready to fight
I'm a barbarian. I fight things. Yeah
I I I I I I tell quark to go into
A kind of Zen state where the universe
Aka the dungeon master kind of optimizes his his behavior his choices. I don't know about that
I thought I might just go into a barbarian rage
But first you gotta if something happens to me you gotta you gotta take my smokesticks
I'm trying to quit but here will grab your smokesticks grabbing his smokestips
He whips out his sword
His muscles rise and grow en masse as he falls into the barbarian rage
Red goes over his eyes as all semblance of reason exits his head and he charges himself directly at the slime monster
And he misses
Sharpie
Yes, I know this might be dangerous, but I have a few I have 20, but I can only shoot two at a time
I have the arrows. Yeah. Yeah, those are optimized for shooting well
More than what I shoot to vagina arrows
Which means that they're complicated smooth and pink
And they have teeth, right
Your arrows fail to hit their mark they plant harmlessly in the side of the membrane
Well, it's still cute. It's still cute with it arguable
One of the lightning creatures approaches and jumps directly on a Sharpie's face
No, you take six damage and you have a thing on your face
That's a secondary effect. Yep. I only have 24 hit points total was I at full health before this fight started?
Yeah, you you got some of those crystals from the broken healing pendant. So you guys are all at full health
What do I get an animal? I want to say fourth level maybe fifth
So today we
Know
Well utilize the powers of the secret and just say I'd like to get this thing off my face. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I
Take a single
Sure shot arrow. Oh, okay. Is that a thing? Did I write that? Oh, yeah
It says always hits every time and I'm my name is Spencer and I'm gonna give you a spirit animal
Awesome, you fire the arrow directly into your foot
Okay, all right, I shoot it. I shoot a good error. Did you really have an error? That's a sure shot. No
Aaron Aaron, I know these things
To make up an error
Boy, oh Aaron I
Shoot a baby arrow into Sharpie's heart
I shoot a good okay, I shoot a good arrow
Okay, and I shoot it good at his face. No, I shoot it at the spider on his face
Well, if it's on his face right now, then yes. Yeah, but there's also other spiders
So I mean well the one the one that is is most threatening Sharpie. So the one on his face
I'm just this is clarification is important
Yes, the one on his face unless there's another one that's threatening him more. Nope
Pulling an arrow from your quiver you lose it directly at his face
You seem to think this might not be the best of ideas
This was your idea
Couldn't have been more elucidated like in that you guys had a 10-minute conversation about whether you're gonna shoot me the fucking face
It strikes the lightning spider in one of his several spidery limbs he takes
five damage
At least that's something I didn't hate you in the face wounded the animal skitters away
Oh you doubters Charles Burroughs, what was his name?
The slime whips a wicked tendril directly at mull rain
It strikes you right in the leg and grasps you feel the burn of acid against your flesh and you take a damage
Guess I deserve this
You're also being grappled. Oh
That means stuff
What that means stuff, but I mean, yeah like rules-wise, but don't worry about it
I can't I can't I
Can't I keep forgetting what Mage Hand is I can I it lets you telekinetically move around light objects
Yeah, yeah, right across sir. Come on. You're you're good. I mean, why don't you marry it?
It's it's a it is a maximum three hit point damage spell. It is
It's scorching ray sir
I'd like to implore anyone either named Ray Frost or from a town called Frost named ray
To come to the podcast because you'll be there will be a crowd on your head
If there was a spell called scorching frost, don't you think that the net effect of it would be minimal?
Scorching scorching frost is a glass of water. I
Want to cast burning hands if it's my turn on on the grappling tentacle to try to get it to release its grip from my
face-shooting girlfriend
Fanning your hands wide you've emit a thin flame sheet
It deals nine damage slices the tentacle in half
Well, he don't know when he slacks the tentacle
Attack that was that was quark attacking in a rage. Oh nice. I thought that was the tentacle
No, I was just having an episode you guys
He critically hits
We call that the Mitch Hurwitz
Dealing 22 damage and felling the slime only four lightning spiders remain
All right, they scuttle to the ceiling
Well, all right. Well, it sounds like they're getting out of our way. Well, they they are they're out of your way now
Now you're in an organ so the tent so the tentacle thing is done the tentacle things done spiders on the ceiling
They're they're just kind of watching at this point. All right, well
We should get out of this out of this room
It's a lung. It's a lung
Yeah, someone's been paying attention
Prince Vellison pipes up. Hey guys, we came around to destroy this fish from the inside. Yeah, yeah
So do you want to destroy it from the inside?
I'm saying let's slice this mother
Also somebody somebody in the audience yelled out smoke sticks if we're if we're if we're sitting in the lung like like let's let's
Yule Brenner this motherfucker
It's almost as if I set you up for it all along. I know well then you said slices
throwing the pack of smoke sticks on the ground and I
We do that and then I also light on my torches lighting your torches in unison with the throwing of the smoke sticks
Acrid smoke is released into the lung. You hear violent spasms
for a while
We should we should maybe I don't know if I don't know if there are jobs that get out of here or stay and be coughed up or
Let's see next time cliffhanger. Okay, fine. Yeah, good idea. All right Spencer ladies and gentlemen
Gathering his character sheets
The viking like figure in his red tartan
sweat jacket
Proceeds off the stage and into the 20 below weather wearing his shorts from Los Angeles
You don't know if he'll live or die
His beard seems scarf like but will it save him from hypothermia?
He's entitled to a save versus
We're working out the case
Do you want me to leave the stage? Oh, no, no, you don't have to just just make it sure
I never want you to leave the stage. Thanks. You guys. I want not only do I not want you to leave the stage
I want you to get into my bed
For the podcast listeners, there is a very expensive heart shaped bed raising on a platform right now
with pyrotechnics going off all around it and
Isaac Hayes is playing a keyboard in the corner. You just put it on you
I
Rolled her pussy die got a three and a four added it up. I got a bonus and more with my purple dick
I want to put it in it. I put I put my dick in your mama's cave and Dungeon did I went down to the
Spelunk the depths fuck your mama so hard. She looked like
death
She was a skull and bones. I fucked your mama so hard. She said don't leave me alone
Spencer's daddy came in said what's going on. I said, holy shit
Sorry
Turn
Edifice
Is
Working the crowd going down the aisle fucking your mama mile after motherfucking mile
Twin cities got Saint Paul and mini app. I fucked your mama. There's an app from a dick in that
Fuck your mama so hard with my iPhone 5. I fucked your mama. She said I've never felt more alive
I fucked your mama in their eye and her tooth the fuck your mama ain't a lot some mother fucking truth
Let's fuck your mama in her beard in her ear. I fucked your mama had no fear. I fucked your mama like a corn ear
I fucked your mama and I shocked your pussy
But you're like Gary Bussey
Turn that frown upside down
Truth
I'm working the crowd. What's your name? Peter Peter. I fucked your mama in this theater
I fucked her I fucked her right on this floor. There's a red rug here, but it's gonna get red some more
Because I gave her menstruation fuck your mama all across this great motherfucking nation fuck fuck her in Canada, too
It counts in Toronto. I fucked your mama like lone Ranger fuck tonneau. I fucked your mama Prano
I did it right split. I fucked your mama that I gave her a little tip a bonus one
So now she's got three a bunch of mama that I poured her a cup of lemonade sight P
I made her drink my pee
Lights above me like stars tweaking bright. I fucked your mama like Muhammad Ali didn't fight
I wrote my doctor ass with my big dick put her on the ropes
Made her sick she puked out my penis and then I I've gathered it up and I took it and put it in a chocolate like slob
It's a form of slop if you're a real farmer, you know, it's terminology that you know, let me let me let me let me clarify
rhythm
I
Bratly toddler dance in the aisle
A rap band, a rap band, a rap band
Look at this being very soft when like he's a baby
Put your momma's pussy in a treasure chest
Put my dick between a big motherfucking breast
Took her outside where it's cold as hell
I fucked your momma in the cold so she couldn't even tell
Cause her pussy was numb from the cold
What I'm told in Minneapolis
That fucking weather is bold
She got an icicle instead of my wiener
I fucked your momma
It was cleaner the first time
When I did it a year ago
Then I did it this time
It seemed dirtier bro
What happened inside there?
Did she make it dirty?
Maybe she should be a little less flirty
I took her to a party once
No, no chorus, no
Just spitting
Spitting fire
Keep on doing the rhymes
I don't give a motherfucking shit what I do this time
Pacing the stage like a motherfucking tiger
I fucked your momma
Like my name was William Riker
Went on to the bridge and said
Hey Picard, I'm gonna fuck your momma so hard
She gets into the prison yard
Walking dead season 3 killer ass
Like she was a fucking zombie
Later out, headed to class
Howard Heskman came and said
What's going on?
I fucked your momma so hard
She thought my dick was a tampon
It wasn't that time of month when she bled
I fucked your momma so hard
And left the way she's dead
And laid in a pool of her own viscera
I fucked your momma and nobody's kissing her
She's dead and she's alone
It's a tragedy
It's not funny, but I laughed at me
Because I did it brutally
I had no remorse and I did it with immunity
There was no sentencing, there was no jury
I fucked your momma and then murdered her
And really, if you step back and think about it
There's nothing funny about it
I'm sorry, I really revealed some dark shit
But it's a dark city
Now you can come back
Come on down to Harmontown
Rocky, turn that brown upside down
Wrap these yellow poopies brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Who wants to give it a try?
Come up here
Don't worship your fear
Come on up with your tie and your blazer
This motherfucker's gonna rap like a laser
What's your name?
My name is Austin
Austin's gonna rap now, it's gonna be awesome
Here you go
Yeah, my name, you know it is Austin
But not right now, I am not from Boston
I'm from the Twin Cities
I am dude, so cool
And you are just, but now you are drool
That's drool
Yeah, looking like you're having just another spasm
What is that shit? I cannot even fathom
Look at this fandom, it is so fucking random
Kids from 2 to 20 and more
It is plenty of girls too
They're looking kind of fine
But not like this dude
I'm gonna wine and dine, yeah
Come on down to Harmontown
Austin, brown upside down
Let's end it
Close it down
Come on down to Harmontown
One more time
Austin, it can't go no further
She's keep doing the credits
Sorry, I started rapping part
Pretend Austin ended the show
One more time everyone else together
Come on
Nope, wouldn't start
What, what?
Nothing
She was trying to take it to the chorus
Okay
Yeah, but she's doing it
Thank you so much, Minneapolis
I just wanna say
Everyone is singing the chorus together one more time
One time
When everyone is singing the chorus together one more time
Come on down to Harmontown
Turn that frown upside down
He is yellow poop is brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Thank you Minneapolis, you guys are amazing
Thank you so much
Let's hear it for Spencer
Spencer
Standing down means you get an encore
Every time it stands up
It's rapping a little bit more
I'm gonna disappoint you
I'm gonna let you down
I fucked your mama so hard
She went to ground round
Hey, but she weighed like David Spade
And the rubber maid threw her ass away
Into the garbage and laid my day
I fucked your mama, Minneapolis
I fucked your mama, didn't give a mother fuckin'
Minneapolis
Peace, if you bought anything
I'll sign it back there for an hour
And then we're gonna go to a different place
And you'll know, we'll tell you
Thank you, everyone
Get Harmon, everybody
Get Harmon
Erin McGathy
Yeah
Drop your mic
No, Trevor, Spencer
Oh, you want me to drop the mic?
Yeah, just drop it
Yeah
It's a very expensive mic
I dropped the other one
I'm talking to the one I didn't drop
Josh with his tie and his booing of love
Yeah, Josh with his
Loving simple man
Tony with his plantar spasitis
The guy that you'll fuck you
The Jaffer who just wanted bananas
And thought you'd have his back
Sam in the back who can't tell a hyena
From a giraffe
A man who would just, or Joe
Would just stand up here, okay?
All right, everybody, many apples, thank you
Many apples!
Good night
And oh, the outro music
That's something that I do
Oh, nope, this is the intro music and
Sorry, everybody, this is the outro music
Come on, Tony, come on
Come on